Test Your Knowledge
  1. What type  would you hoose for the following "numbers"?
  - A persons telephone number - Integer
  - A person's height - Double
  - A person's age - Integer
  - A person's gender - Integer or String
  - A person's Salary - decimal
  - A book's ISBN - Integer/Long depending on length
  - A book's price - double
  - A book's shipping weight - double
  - A country's population - Integer
  - The number of stars in the universe - double/float
  - The number of employees in the each of the small or medium businesses in the united kingdom - Integer
 
 2. What are the difference between value type and reference type variables? What is boxing and
  unboxing? --> Value type is passed by creating a copy of the value and passing that as parameters
  to a function while reference types are passed as original values and any changes to the values
  within the method reflects in the declared variables as well since they have the same memory location.
  Boxing is the wrapping of value type to a reference type by using the Object key word. Unboxing the unwrapping of the 
  reference type back to value type by casting to a primitive data type like int.
  
  3. What is meant by terms managed resource and unmanaged resource in .NET?
  - Managed resources are those that are pure . NET code and managed by the runtime and are under its direct control. 
  Unmanaged resources are those that are not like File handles, pinned memory, COM objects, database connections etc.
  
  4. What the purpose of Garbage Collector in .NET?
  - The purpose of garbage collector in .NET is to clear out the heap memory when not in use.


Controlling Flow and Converting Types
Test your Knowledge
1. What happens when you divide an int variable by 0? 
  Divide by Zero Exception (Compiler error)
2. What happens when you divide a double variable by 0?
  Infinity as result
3. What happens when you overflow an int variable, that is, set it to a value beyond its
range? 
  Compiler error (suggests converting it to long or double)
4. What is the difference between x = y++; and x = ++y;? 
  y is increased after setting x to y in the former, but y is increased first in the latter.
5. What is the difference between break, continue, and return when used inside a loop
statement?
  break will exit loop, continue will skip code below but loop continues, return will exit entire method call stack.
6. What are the three parts of a for statement and which of them are required?
  The initialization of counter variable, the condition (boolean result) specifiying when to stop loop and the incrementation after every iteration (the second is required)
7. What is the difference between the = and == operators? 
  the = opeator is used to set the value of a variable, while  == is used to compare two values of the same type
8. Does the following statement compile? for ( ; true; ) ;
  yes, it compiles
9. What does the underscore _ represent in a switch expression?
  The underscore (_) character replaces the default keyword to signify that it should match anything if reached.
10. What interface must an object implement to be enumerated over by using the foreach
statement?
The IEnumerable interface
